# pizza-delivery

Simple Selenium and Scenarioo Demo in Java.

This example demonstrates how to use the Scenarioo Writer Library in your Selenium Webtests with JUnit to produce Scenarioo
Documentation data.

You can see the Scenarioo Documentation Reports generated by this example in the Scenarioo Viewer here:
[Pizza Delivery Scenarioo Documenation](http://demo.scenarioo.org/scenarioo-master/#/?branch=pizza-delivery-master)

## How To Run

```
git clone https://github.com/scenarioo/pizza-delivery.git
cd pizza-delivery
./gradlew test
```

Scenarioo documentation data is located in `build\scenariooDocumentation` after the test run has finished. In order to browse the data in the Scenarioo Viewer you need to setup the viewer as described in [Setup of Scenarioo Viewer Web App](http://scenarioo.org/docs/master/tutorial/Scenarioo-Viewer-Web-Application-Setup.html).

## JUnit 4 versus JUnit 5

This example uses JUnit 5. If you still use JUnit 4 - you can see the same example for JUnit 4 on branch `junit4` here:
https://github.com/scenarioo/pizza-delivery/tree/junit4

## Test Code

The test code is based on Java using Selenium for the Browser automation and Scenarioo for documenting the 
test cases. You'll find this code in the folder `src/test`.

You can browse the documentation generated by this example in the Scenarioo Viewer here: 
[Pizza Delivery Scenarioo Documentation](http://demo.scenarioo.org/scenarioo-master/#/?branch=pizza-delivery-master).

## Application Under Test

The application under test is a very simple pizza ordering web app without a dynamic backend. It's all in the folder `docs/pizza-shop`.

If you want to experience the pizza ordering awesomeness on your own, you can order your pizzas here: [Pizza Delivery Web Shop](http://scenarioo.github.io/pizza-delivery/pizza-shop).

**Usage hint:** The only known phone number is 0791111111, all other phone numbers require you to enter a new delivery 
address. And don't wory, there is no backend, so no one will bring you a pizza or send you a bill or call you to sell you more. ;-)

## Deployment for Application Under Test

**Caution:** Changes to the application under test might impact other demo test projects that test the same application (see below).

**Deploy application under test:** The applciation is deployed as github pages from master branch in `docs` folder. You simply have to merge to master to deploy the newest version.


## Pizza Delivery Demo Test Projects

Following demo test projects currently exist that also test the same pizza shop:

* `pizza-delivery`: tests in pure Selenium for the pizza web shop (here in this project under `src/test`).
* `pizza-delivery-selenide`: selenide tests for the pizza web shop
* `pizza-delivery-cypress`: cypress tests for the pizza web shop
* `pizza-delivery-protractor`: protractor tests for the pizza web shop
